Title: "Geography of Turkey"
Text: "True lowlands are confined to the ""Ergene Ovası"" (Ergene Plain) in Thrace, extending along rivers that discharge into the Aegean Sea or the Sea of Marmara, and to a few narrow coastal strips along 

Title: Anatolia
Text: "and giving the appearance of a plateau with rough terrain, is wedged between two folded mountain ranges that converge in the east. True lowland is confined to a few narrow coastal strips along the Ae

Title: "Geology of Turkey"
Text: "Geology of Turkey The geology of Turkey is the product of a wide variety of tectonic processes that have shaped Anatolia over millions of years, a process which continue today as evidenced by frequen

Title: "Alt Camp"
Text: "is divided into two main topographical areas. The northeastern part is mountainous and is in the Catalan Pre-Coastal Range while the southwestern part is a lowland plain in the Catalan Coastal Depres

Title: "Geography of Colombia"
Text: "shared with Venezuela; to the Amazon Rainforest region shared with Venezuela, Brazil, Peru and Ecuador. Colombia is the only South American country which borders both the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans.

Title: "Mandalay, Queensland"
Text: "Mandalay, Queensland Mandalay is a coastal locality in the Whitsunday Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , Mandalay had a population of 337 people. Mandalay is mostly mountainous undeveloped terra

Title: "Bagamanoc, Catanduanes"
Text: "17% of the total land are or 15.96 square kilometers which comprises the built-up areas, rice land, diversified agricultural lands and others. The mountainous area is located at the western part of t

Title: "Bombus monticola"
Text: "patchy, and confined to the area along the Norwegian border), the Alps, the Cantabrian Mountains, the Pyrenees, the Apennines, and in the Balkans. It is also found in the lowlands in northern Norway 

Title: Indonesia
Text: "with the wet season between November and March. Indonesia's climate is almost entirely tropical, dominated by the tropical rainforest climate found in every major island of Indonesia, followed by the

Title: "Talysh Mountains"
Text: "band of Triassic and Jurassic rocks in the southern parts, both in a north-west-southeast direction. The maximum annual precipitation in the Talysh Mountains is between 1,600 mm to 1,800 mm, which al
